here's a rare sight in Hawaii an
adult albatross on land
the lays an albatross with a
wingspan over six feet was
boring 2 soul
they're creatures of the wind
living in the Scott and there's
some powerful trade winds here
in the Hawaiian Islands to keep
them oft as long as they want
they only return the land to
raise their chicks the chicks
are on a tight schedule
in just a few months they have
to develop the strength stamina
and skill to take flight
as you can see this is easier
said than done
the closer they get to adulthood
the more pressure there is on
them to fly the fledgling arrow
knots turn into the wind and
launch themselves down the beach
death lurks for those who don't
make
the birds that aren't quite
there were they have to plunk
down in a gentle surf where
tiger sharks are waiting for
them
the young burnt rise with all
its might to mimic its parents
and get airborne
yeah
tiger sharks consume ten percent
of all the Albatross young in
this colony
this drama plays out every year
and the Sharks don't always win
in fact sometimes the shark
gives the Albatross the
inspiration of life
amazing what knowing you're
about to be eaten can do for
your motivation